Now, one of the things when I look
at this app, I think it's beautiful.
Tailwind makes everything easy.
I noticed that a lot of
these other Electron apps,
they got the fancy menu bars
that they made themselves,
like the VS Code one or the GitHub one.
The GitHub one's got some gradients,
not to be whatever,
it's looking a little dated, but you know.
I think Slack has got
a custom one nowadays.
I wanna get in on that.
I feel like I got almost
all the way there,
except I've got this menu bar as well.
And also this application feels this
is like the correct size for it.
I don't wanna deal with the fact that
someone can stretch it out like this, or
like this that's not ideally this should
keep track of things that I wanna save to
the clipboards.
I can say important,
quip that I wanna reuse a lot,
and I should be able to like hit copy.
But, this feels like an app that should
be like, roughly like that wide, right?
Like and so
I wanna like have a little bit more
control over this window than I
previously have had in the past.
So you can imagine the initial width and
height are set here as well.
And through the magic of TypeScript, we've
got probably even get a sense of like
some of the other ones
hidden in Mission Control.
Obviously that's a MacOS only one.
Is it minimizable at all?
Right?
So we'll say that the min height I don't
want to deal with it getting to like,
I think that's fine, I can make it pretty
squirrely if I really put my mind to it.
I'm pretty sure I could
do something like that.
I don't want to allow that.
That's gross.
That's yeah, right?
Nobody wants that.
So we'll say that the min height,
I think the min height is only going
to be no less than 400, feels right.
Same thing for the width, I don't need
to live by that, 300 feels right there.
The max, let's see, max height, 800,
I'm making values up to
be very clear with you.
Max width, you know what, 450.
We'll see if this looks any good at all.
And, they can't maximize it, so
it's not, they can minimize it,
I don't care, it's not maximizable at all.
So we''ll start with that and
see what we got.
All right, so now, I missed it.
There it is.
Can't go any bigger than 450.
Can't get any smaller than 300.
Cool, so I've got some like, reasonable
like settings here, feels like good.
I do want to get like one of those
custom menu bar dailies that feels nice.
So with that, I'm simply going
to say that the Title Bar Style
is hidden and there is a title,
let's see what happens if I just do that.
I think I still need to do one more
tweak to get it to look totally right,
we'll find out together.
Looks pretty good.
The other one I was gonna do is,
And we'll put that, no, I want, true.
And you can see, and there's
documentation for all this kind of stuff.
You can also read it here as well.
I want them visible, as well.
And there's a bunch of
other settings in here.
And that should get me
most of the way there.
But we're gonna notice something gross.
Which is now I drag this thing, but
like it's behaving like a web page,
which is disgusting.
I didn't go through all of this work
to create something that looked and
felt like a web app not to be
able to drag the title bar.
All right, and
I don't want to select that and like no,
that's not the behavior that
I've come to know and love.
You can see that I can't
maximize it though.
That's cool.
And to everyone's shock and amazement,
do you know how we fix this?
CSS.
Yeah, we fix it with CSS.
So with a little bit of CSS,
we can adjust this.
I happen to know that I gave
it the ID of titlebar.
So that is not a built in Electron thing,
that is just simply,
I happen to be the person
who wrote the HTML.
So, there's basically two things we wanna
do, we wanna do user select, and none.
There are other options for this.
Just FYI, that's not important for
our time together.
Which is like, if you ever wanna say,
if they click on anything,
it selects the entire amount of text,
that's a different user select.
I think it's like user-select all,
or something like that.
I don't remember.
But I use it in my app a lot.
And the other one is you can
tell it's safe because it starts
out with two dashes,
which is --webKit.app-region,
which is to say that this title bar is a
thing, you can drag this window by, right.
And so now we're saying that like don't
select the text in the title bar there,
and also treat that entire title bar,
which is what
that div has the ID of as a thing
that we can drag as part of the app.
All right y'all,
in the world status live coding faux pas,
this is what I typed, this is what it was.
It was one dash and not two dashes.
I feel like, am I just like, did I have
like a moment like where I've, what is it,
the Mandela Effect?
I always thought it was two dashes for
the like secret experimental like CSS.
Like, did I literally
forget how the world works?
Or is this one different and just soak?
I don't know.
So yeah WebKit app region and
now now look at that thing.
It's like a menu bar.
Or a title bar,
whatever it's supposed to be.
Now I can drag this around like,
it's a real app,
like all of its friend app over here,
right?
I can do the same thing.
I'm now hanging out with
the cool kids in this sense.
Cool, so we have that in place.
That felt good.
We are going to do some
various different IPC things.
I just moved this one, too,
to show you, same basic idea.
And you don't have to have anything
written in the title bar if you don't
want to.
It's all up to you once
you start controlling it.
But it's just CSS at that point.
We are going to have some
different IPC endpoints and
I teased to you before there's a way
to not have to add it all to the d.ts.
It's just through some,
the magic of TypeScript,
where we can do something like,
say const API.
That's just saying that like when I
defined it, I'm not adding stuff to
it later in TypeScript, and again, if you
are like I don't, I don't know TypeScript.
That's fine.
Let's do export type.
So we're saying go look at this
thing that's never gonna change and
figure out its type.
And then we'll export that.
Now in that clipping.d.ts or
actually Electron, I can just simply say,
Interface window like I did before,
capital W,
preload API.
So now it will, in this file and basically
go figure out what the type of this object
was, exports the type and
then use it here.
Now clearly like right now that
is simply an empty object, but
as I add stuff to it,
it'll automatically be on that type.
If you like this, good,
here, yeah, use it.
If you do want the sanity check of like
defining the types and the shape of what
you put on the window and then making sure
what you write in preload makes sense,
then do what we did in
the previous section.
The reason I showed you both is like,
honestly, I go back and
forth which one I like better.
So you are more than
welcome to do the same.